capital = 378

oob = "CAL_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	founder_of_disney_cal
	allied_guarantee_cal
	political_unity_cal
}

ENG = { add_to_faction = CAL }

# DIPLOMACY
set_autonomy = {
	target = PHI
	autonomous_state =  autonomy_colony
}

recruit_character = CAL_walt_disney
recruit_character = CAL_lucille_ball
recruit_character = CAL_upton_sinclair
recruit_character = CAL_norton_ii
recruit_character = CAL_culbert_levy_olson
recruit_character = CAL_amelia_earhart
recruit_character = CAL_hiram_johnson
recruit_character = CAL_clarence_martin
recruit_character = CAL_howard_hughes
recruit_character = CAL_edward_longstreet_bodin
recruit_character = CAL_john_f_aiso
recruit_character = CAL_tamon_yamaguchi
recruit_character = CAL_william_r_hearst
recruit_character = CAL_angela_yvonne_davis
recruit_character = CAL_gobernador_plutarco_elias_calles
recruit_character = CAL_h_bruce_franklin
recruit_character = CAL_governor_sir_clement_moody
recruit_character = CAL_alfred_hitchcock
recruit_character = CAL_amy_cooper
recruit_character = CAL_arnold_schwarzenegger
recruit_character = CAL_ben_shapiro
recruit_character = CAL_bernadette_wolowitz
recruit_character = CAL_bill_gates
recruit_character = CAL_bob_chapek
recruit_character = CAL_bob_iger
recruit_character = CAL_bruce_lee
recruit_character = CAL_charles_fujimoto
recruit_character = CAL_charles_l_mcnary
recruit_character = CAL_chiang_kai_shek
recruit_character = CAL_congress
recruit_character = CAL_coolio
recruit_character = CAL_daniel_sjoberg
recruit_character = CAL_david_kalakau_kawananakoa
recruit_character = CAL_dwayne_johnson
recruit_character = CAL_dwight_eisenhower
recruit_character = CAL_earl_warren
recruit_character = CAL_elon_musk
recruit_character = CAL_elvis_presley
recruit_character = CAL_eminem
recruit_character = CAL_ernest_king
recruit_character = CAL_george_lucas
recruit_character = CAL_george_v
recruit_character = CAL_georgy_lvov
recruit_character = CAL_glen_taylor
recruit_character = CAL_harry_cain
recruit_character = CAL_henry_hart
recruit_character = CAL_harry_truman
recruit_character = CAL_herbert_hoover
recruit_character = CAL_hirohito
recruit_character = CAL_henry_wallace
recruit_character = CAL_howard_wolowitz
recruit_character = CAL_internetcity
recruit_character = CAL_james_w_ford
recruit_character = CAL_jennifer_aniston
recruit_character = CAL_jerry_brown
recruit_character = CAL_jim_henson
recruit_character = CAL_joey_rooney
recruit_character = CAL_john_h_cox
recruit_character = CAL_john_henry_wilson
recruit_character = CAL_joseph_bracken_lee
recruit_character = CAL_joseph_poindexter
recruit_character = CAL_kamala_harris
recruit_character = CAL_katy_perry
recruit_character = CAL_kanye_west
recruit_character = CAL_kevin_hart
recruit_character = CAL_lawrence_judd
recruit_character = CAL_lebron_james
recruit_character = CAL_leonard_hofstadter
recruit_character = CAL_leonard_wood
recruit_character = CAL_leonardo_dicaprio
recruit_character = CAL_lydia_liliuokalani
recruit_character = CAL_liv_rooney
recruit_character = CAL_maddie_rooney
recruit_character = CAL_mao_zedong
recruit_character = CAL_marilyn_monroe
recruit_character = CAL_mark_zuckerberg
recruit_character = CAL_markiplier
recruit_character = CAL_michael_eisner
recruit_character = CAL_michael_jackson
recruit_character = CAL_miranda_cosgrove
recruit_character = CAL_mr_beast
recruit_character = CAL_nancy_pelosi
recruit_character = CAL_nikolai_ii
recruit_character = CAL_norton_iii
recruit_character = CAL_pancho_villa
recruit_character = CAL_parker_rooney
recruit_character = CAL_penny_hofstadter
recruit_character = CAL_peter_wrangel
recruit_character = CAL_philip_la_follete
recruit_character = CAL_porfirio_diaz
recruit_character = CAL_queen_liliuokalani
recruit_character = CAL_raj_koothrappali
recruit_character = CAL_ronald_reagan
recruit_character = CAL_richard_nixon
recruit_character = CAL_roy_disney
recruit_character = CAL_ryan_gosling
recruit_character = CAL_samuel_king
recruit_character = CAL_sanford_b_dole
recruit_character = CAL_santa_claus
recruit_character = CAL_seth_macfarlane
recruit_character = CAL_sheldon_cooper
recruit_character = CAL_sheridan_downey
recruit_character = CAL_snoop_dogg
recruit_character = CAL_steve_jobs
recruit_character = CAL_theodore_roosevelt
recruit_character = CAL_tiger_woods
recruit_character = CAL_timothee_chalamet
recruit_character = CAL_tom_brady
recruit_character = CAL_tom_hanks
recruit_character = CAL_tom_holland
recruit_character = CAL_tucker_carlson
recruit_character = CAL_vachon_pugh
recruit_character = CAL_vladimir_lenin
recruit_character = CAL_warren_harding
recruit_character = CAL_warren_magnuson
recruit_character = CAL_weird_al_yankovic
recruit_character = CAL_will_ferrell
recruit_character = CAL_william_howard_taft
recruit_character = CAL_woodrow_wilson
recruit_character = CAL_yuji_naka
recruit_character = CAL_zendaya
recruit_character = CAL_zoltan_istvan
recruit_character = CAL_henry_h_arnold
recruit_character = CAL_alexander_patch
recruit_character = CAL_lewis_h_brereton
recruit_character = CAL_isaac_d_white
recruit_character = CAL_albert_coady_wedemeyer
recruit_character = CAL_alexander_vandergrift
recruit_character = CAL_george_catlett_marshall
recruit_character = CAL_george_windle_read_jr
recruit_character = CAL_john_lesesne_dewitt
recruit_character = CAL_john_pershing
recruit_character = CAL_jimmy_doolittle
recruit_character = CAL_herbert_b_powell
recruit_character = CAL_hugh_scott
recruit_character = CAL_chester_w_nimitz
recruit_character = CAL_felix_stump
recruit_character = CAL_harvey_overesch
recruit_character = CAL_lloyd_m_mustin
recruit_character = CAL_daniel_e_barbey
recruit_character = CAL_james_h_doyle
recruit_character = CAL_william_daniel_leahy
recruit_character = CAL_tasker_bliss
recruit_character = CAL_harry_w_hill

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	oob = "CAL_1939"
	
	set_technology = {
		infantry_weapons = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 10

set_popularities = {
        democratic = 58
        communism = 39
        fascism = 2
        neutrality = 1

}

set_politics = {
	
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
